Extension/overview.md, before:

# File Patch Build and Release Tasks

Visual Studio Team Services Build and Release Management extensions that help you to patch your files.

## Install the extension to your account

You can find the latest stable version of the VSTS Extension tasks on the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=geeklearningio.gl-vsts-tasks-file-patch).

## Prerelease channel

Our tasks are build and published in continuous (thanks to VSTS, of course). If you are interested or want to contribute, you can ask us the access of the private prerelease extension to install it to your account.
By definition, this prerelease extension could introduce breaking changes, or could be very unstable, so it is not recommended to use it for your builds and releases, but only for testing purposes.

## Tasks included

* **[Patch Json](https://github.com/geeklearningio/gl-vsts-tasks-file-patch/wiki/Patch-Json)**: Patches json files using json patch syntax
* **[Patch Xml](https://github.com/geeklearningio/gl-vsts-tasks-file-patch/wiki/Patch-Xml)**: Patches xml files using xml patch syntax

## Slick syntax mode

By default tasks will use the default json patch syntax with is a bit verbose. 
Xml and Json patch tasks support an enhanced human readable syntax :

* **[Learn more about Slick syntax mode](https://github.com/geeklearningio/gl-vsts-tasks-file-patch/wiki/Slick-Syntax)**

Commit message:

add  copy and zip tasks

Extension/overview.md, after:

# Files helpers Build and Release Tasks

Visual Studio Team Services Build and Release Management extensions that help you to manipulate your files.

## Install the extension to your account

You can find the latest stable version of the VSTS Extension tasks on the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=geeklearningio.gl-vsts-tasks-files).

## Prerelease channel

Our tasks are build and published in continuous (thanks to VSTS, of course). If you are interested or want to contribute, you can ask us the access of the private prerelease extension to install it to your account.
By definition, this prerelease extension could introduce breaking changes, or could be very unstable, so it is not recommended to use it for your builds and releases, but only for testing purposes.

## Tasks included

* **[Zip](https://github.com/geeklearningio/gl-vsts-tasks-files/wiki/Zip)**: Zip files
* **[Copy Ext](https://github.com/geeklearningio/gl-vsts-tasks-files/wiki/Copy-Ext)**: Copy files with full micromatch support
